# Health-Care
The project scope is to build a way to help people to easily classify/detect their skin disease in their time of need. By creating an AI based android application platform which can help them in classifying their skin disease or at-least letting them know about the skin problem they’re facing without visiting the dermatologist in the rush hours. Using the camera (webcam) and the developed android application, we can help the users in many ways. This FYP gives the solution for detecting 3 skin diseases ie: Acne, Melanoma, Eczema. Skin diseases are hazardous and often contagious, especially melanoma, eczema, and acne. These skin diseases can be cured if detected early. The fundamental problem with it is, only an expert dermatologist is able to detect and classify such disease. This project is in a class of its own while it may have resembling features from many tech-gadgets like we have seen the ECG monitors, Eye-Sight Testing Machine .etc. There are many tools related to disease prediction. But particularly Skin related diseases have been analyzed and risk level is generated. But generally, there are no such tools that are used for prediction of general skin diseases. So, Smart Doctor helps for the prediction of the general Skin diseases. This project aims to provide AI based android platform to predict the occurrences of disease on the basis of various symptoms.The project perspective is to build a way to help people to easily classify/detect their skin disease in their time of need. By creating an AI based android application platform which can help them in classifying their skin disease or at-least letting them know about the skin problem they’re facing without visiting the dermatologist in the rush hours. Using the camera (webcam) and the developed android application, we can help the users in many ways.
